Skip Tests on Draft and WIP Pull Requests (#3223)
Pyomo/pyomo: doc/OnlineDocs/contribution_guide.rst

At any point in the development cycle, a "work in progress" pull request
may be opened by including '[WIP]' at the beginning of the PR
title. Any pull requests marked '[WIP]' or draft will not be
reviewed or merged by the core development team. However, any
'[WIP]' pull request left open for an extended period of time without
active development may be marked 'stale' and closed.

.. note::
   Draft and WIP Pull Requests will **NOT** trigger tests. This is an effort to

>    keep our backlog as available as possible. Please make use of the provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   reduce our CI backlog. Please make use of the provided
```
